GATE005_EXPLANATION : Use "Monarch" Spell and Trap Cards for successful Tribute Summons to activate powerful effects.

The "Monarch," the very embodiment of destruction, obliterate all!
CHAPTER20007_EXPLANATION : When the face-up "Krawler" monster leaves the field by the opponent's effect, 2 new "Krawler" monsters will be Special Summoned. When dealing with any effects, aim for the state of the face-down Defense Position, and when the monster is face-up, let's surely destroy it in battle.
CHAPTER20119_EXPLANATION : Regardless of whether you deal with the "Krawler" Link Monster by effect or battle, the effect of Special Summoning 2 "Krawler" monsters in the Graveyard will be activated. To prevent this, use tactics such as destroying the Field Spell "World Legacy in Shadow" and negating the Link Summon itself.
CHAPTER20153_EXPLANATION : Using the effects of "Catalyst Field" and "Supervise", you can quickly create a state where you can exert the effects of Gemini monsters. In particular, "Catalyst Field" has high support power such as summoning high-Level Gemini monsters without Tribute.
CHAPTER20154_EXPLANATION : As the "World Legacy" monsters in the Graveyard increase, ATK of "Auram the World Chalice Blademaster" increases, so you need to deal with it as soon as possible, but don't panic. 
If you destroy a Link Monster with an effect or battle in the presence of "World Legacy's Corruption", "World Legacy" monster will be Special Summoned from hand or Deck, and you will be forced to struggle further, so be careful.
CHAPTER20122_EXPLANATION : If there is a "Naturia" Synchro Monster, the effect of your card will be negated. Pay attention to the fact that there are many Synchro Monsters with low ATK, try to summon monsters with high ATK power like Link Monsters, and let's break the situation in battle.
CHAPTER30010_EXPLANATION : "Mekk-Knight" has many monsters with high ATK. If it is played first, it is recommended to destroy multiple monsters at once with "Raigeki" or prevent the Link Summon with "Solemn Strike". If you are going first, be careful about the placement so that the number of cards in the same column does not inadvertently exceed two.
CHAPTER30125_EXPLANATION : If you block the movement of high-Level monsters with high ATK in the "Grave of the Super Ancient Organism", your opponent will aim to play "Knightmare" Link Monsters with powerful effects. If you fight while dealing with the Link Summons and effects of the "Knightmare" Link Monster, the ATK of the "Knightmare" Link Monster itself are not so high, so you should be able to fight well in battle.
CHAPTER30013_EXPLANATION : It will be disadvantageous if Xyz Monsters such as "Constellar Pleiades" that returns the card to the hand and "Number 38: Hope Harbinger Dragon Titanic Galaxy" that invalidates the Spell effect and uses it as its own material interfere with the development. It is effective to prevent the Xyz Summon itself, or to let the opponent use the effect and then play it in a two-stage attack.
CHAPTER30128_EXPLANATION : While the effect of the "Knightmare" Link Monster is powerful, if it is not in co-linked, the hand will decrease steadily. They will use the effects of the "Fabled" monsters to compensate for this and expand further, so don't expect your opponent to waste their cards. You have to be prepared to be used by the effect to some extent, and you have to be able to see the key points that need to be prevented.
CHAPTER30129_EXPLANATION : Even if there is no "Super Polymerization", your monster with a Predator Counter may be used as a Fusion Material for your opponent. In particular, "Predaplant Chlamydosundew" uses monsters as a Fusion Material as DARK, so you cannot be relieved just because it is an Attribute other than DARK. Also, Level 2 or higher monsters with a Predator Counter will be Level 1, so be careful when aiming for Synchro or Xyz Summon.
CHAPTER150084_EXPLANATION : If the combination of "Qliphort Scout" & "Qliphort Monolith" is placed on the Pendulum Zone, it will speed up the opponent's hand, so be careful. The best time stop this is Pendulum Effect of "Qliphort Scout". Since LP (Life Points) are paid to activate the effect, if you chain it to the activation and destroy it, you can reduce the opponent's LP while hindering the effect.
CHAPTER150087_EXPLANATION : The coping method depends on whether the opponent is trying to Tribute Summon "Apoqliphort Towers" or "Mayosenju Daibak". Let's proceed with the duel while carefully checking the opponent's movements. There are few means of obstruction in the opponent's Deck, but be careful about the state of the field as you may use the "Yosenjus' Secret Move".
CHAPTER150088_EXPLANATION : If a "Qli" monster is placed on the Pendulum Zone, only the "Qli" monster can be Special Summoned. However, "Performapal Trampolynx" has the effect to Special Summon various monsters from the Extra Deck, so let's deal with "Performapal Trampolynx" with priority.
CHAPTER160090_EXPLANATION : If opponent uses the effect of "The Weather Thundery Canvas", monsters on the field will be returned to your hand. If it is used for a monster Special Summoned from the Extra Deck, it will be disadvantageous at once, so be careful about the card arrangement of the opponent's Spell & Trap Zone.
CHAPTER160093_EXPLANATION : Be careful of the "Valkyrie Sigrun" that is Special Summoned by sending the "The Weather" Spell/Trap Card that no longer uses the effect to the Graveyard. If "Valkyrie Erda" is Special Summoned from hand or Graveyard, the ATK of your monster will be reduced by 1000, making it more difficult to aim for an attack.
CHAPTER160094_EXPLANATION : You need to be careful about "True Draco" or "True King" monster's move to Tribute Summon by Tributing Continuous Spell/Trap Cards. It is easy to be wary of Tribute Summon by Tributing "True Draco" or "True King" Spell/Trap Cards that have an effect when sent to the Graveyard, but remember that by utilizing "The Weather" Spell/Trap Cards, you can create a situation where you can call out "Metaltron XII, the True Dracombatant", which is unaffected by the effects of monster, Spell and Trap Cards.
CHAPTER170096_EXPLANATION : It's easy to be distracted by the effects of the "Judgment Dragon" destroying all the cards on the field, but be aware of the number of Shine Counters on "Realm of Light" & "Lightsworn Sanctuary". Sometimes you need to build your tactics, considering that you can't destroy them with a single effect.
CHAPTER170098_EXPLANATION : If you use the effect of the "Twilightsworn" monster, the cards in your Deck will be sent to the Graveyard one after another without waiting for the End Phase. Always check the types of "Lightsworn" monsters that are banished and in the graveyard, determine when the "Judgment Dragon" and "Punishment Dragon" are called, and think about countermeasures.
CHAPTER170130_EXPLANATION : If there are 5 or more LIGHT "Lightsworn" monsters with a different name in the Graveyard, there is a possibility that "Lightray" monsters will be Special Summoned in addition to the "Judgment Dragon". In particular, "Lightray Gearfried" plays a role in preventing the activation of Spell/Trap Cards, so be careful when using Spell/Trap cards.
CHAPTER170131_EXPLANATION : The most vigilant is "Sephylon, the Ultimate Timelord". It can be Special Summoned when there are 10 or more monsters in the Graveyard, and there is a possibility that 8000 LP will be stolen at once by Special Summoning other "Timelord" monsters from your hand or Graveyard. A moment of carelessness can be fatal, so be prepared with a defensive measure that corresponds to your opponent's turn.
CHAPTER170133_EXPLANATION : "Dark Armed Dragon" is a monster that may appear relatively early in the duel, but it has a high ATK and powerful effect of destroying cards on the field. While dealing with the "Dark Armed Dragon", your opponent may be ready for Special Summoning "Punishment Dragon", so let's build your tactics quickly.
CHAPTER170134_EXPLANATION : With the effects of "Twilightsworn" monsters, the effects of the Zombie monsters such as "Plaguespreader Zombie" sent to the Graveyard will be utilized. In particular, if the effect of "Zombie World" is applied, "Twilightsworn" monsters that are treated as Zombie may be Special Summoned by "Mezuki" or "Zombie Master". Keep eyes on their move and formulate your plan of attack while predicting what cards your opponent has in their hand.
CHAPTER220148_EXPLANATION : Decks are constructed with 40 to 60 Cards. No matter how strong a Card is, it won't play an active role if it remains dormant in your Deck. In such cases, try to use Cards that populate your Hand with necessary Cards. "Reinforcement of the Army" earned in the previous chapter can add a Level 4 or lower Warrior Monster from your Deck to your Hand!
